follow up to the addition of AmpStoryCssTransformer (#1271)
ampproject/amp-toolbox: packages/optimizer/README.md

- default: `true`
- used by: [OptimizeAmpBind](lib/transformers/OptimizeAmpBind.js)

### `optimizeAmpStory`

> Enabled server side rendering optimizations to improve amp-story performance such as linking to the amp-story-1.0.css, and server side rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables AMP Story optimizations such as linking to the amp-story-1.0.css, and server side rendering
```
